		Machine Directive


1. Part Check list

01) Cork collection tray
02) Corking unit
03) Command button panel
04) Bottle support tray
05) Start pedal
06) Pivot wheels
07) Liquid collection tank
08) Bottle support trays
09) Filler tap
10) Wine inlet solenoid valve
11) Tray start levers
12) Electrical panel (accessed by removing the back cover)
13) Corking unit ratio-motor
14) Tray lifting pneumatic cylinders (filling area)
15) Tray lifting pneumatic cylinder (corking area)
16) Pedal activated corking tray lifting solenoid
2. Noise level
>80 db
>75 db
>70 db

3. Technical specifications
Weight Kg 250
Height mm 2100
Width mm 1600
Depth mm 600
Pneumatic feed bar 4 ÷ 6

4. Guarantee
OFFICINE PESCE guarantees this model of machine for a period of 12 months
from the date of purchase indicated on the receipt issued by the supplier or the
manufacturer at the time of delivery.
The guarantee expires in the case of repairs being carried out by unauthorised
third parties, or where equipment or accessories are used that are not supplied,
recommended or approved by OFFICINE PESCE, or where it is ascertained that
the machine’s serial number has been removed or altered during the guarantee
period.
OFFICINE PESCE undertakes to repair or replace, free of charge during the
guarantee period, any parts that prove to be manufacturing faults.
The repairs are undertaken exclusively at our premises or at a Technical Assistance
Centre indicated by us, and are on a Free Port basis (transport costs for the user’s
account, unless otherwise agreed).

The guarantee does not include possible cleaning of the moving parts.
Defects not directly attributable to materials or manufacturing will be checked
exclusively at our premises or at a Technical Assistance Centre indicated by us.
Should the complaint prove to be unjustified, all repair and/or replacement costs
shall be for the purchaser’s account.
The purchase receipt must be shown to the technical staff carrying out the repairs,
or must accompany the machine sent for repairs.
The guarantee in any case excludes accidental damage caused by transport,
negligence or improper treatment, incorrect use non compliant with the warnings
contained in the instruction booklet and, in any case, by any phenomena
unrelated to the normal operation or use of the machine.
OFFICINE PESCE denies any responsibility for possible injury to persons or
damage to property caused by incorrect operation or improper use of the
machine.
The Court of Justice of ASTI is the competent body in the case of any disputes

5. Persons authorised to operate the machine- Safety Manager
- Operator
- Mechanical Maintenance Technician
- Electrical Maintenance Technician
- Manufacturer

6. Accessories supplied with the machine
1) A No. 24 spanner for raising the bottle support tray
2) Set of Allen keys
3) Replacement spring for corking unit chain
4) Replacement spring for corking unit insert
5) N° 6 spacers for filling unit spouts